Add commitment burndown columns (#400)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/commitmentdiscountid.md

# Commitment Discount ID

A Commitment Discount ID is the identifier assigned to a [*commitment discount*](#glossary:commitment-discount) by the provider. Commitment Discount ID is commonly used for scenarios like chargeback for *commitments* and savings per *commitment discount*. The CommitmentDiscountId column is only applicable to *commitment discounts* and not [*negotiated discounts*](#glossary:negotiated-discount).

> The CommitmentDiscountId column MUST be present in a FOCUS dataset when the provider supports *commitment discounts*. This column MUST be of type String and MUST NOT contain null values when a charge is related to a *commitment discount*. When a charge is not associated with a *commitment discount*, the column MUST be null. CommitmentDiscountId SHOULD be a fully-qualified identifier that ensures global uniqueness within the provider.

Reviewer: This particular change was discussed in #523, where it was pointed out that we want to insist on uniqueness within the provider for both CommitmentDiscountId and CapacityReservationId. 
I prefer addressing this now rather than during the Consistency review period, as it could be easily missed.

```suggestion
The CommitmentDiscountId column MUST be present in a FOCUS dataset when the provider supports *commitment discounts*. This column MUST be of type String and MUST NOT contain null values when a charge is related to a *commitment discount*. When a charge is not associated with a *commitment discount*, the column MUST be null. CommitmentDiscountId MUST ensure global uniqueness within the provider and SHOULD be a fully-qualified identifier.
```

> The CommitmentDiscountId column MUST be present in a FOCUS dataset when the provider supports *commitment-based discounts*. This column MUST be of type String and MUST NOT contain null values when a charge is related to a *commitment-based discount*. When a charge is not associated with a *commitment-based discount*, the column MUST be null. CommitmentDiscountId SHOULD be a fully-qualified identifier that ensures global uniqueness within the provider.

Author: @udam-f2 @ijurica From TF-3 meeting, add the same guidance around the Commitment Discount Id is exists with Resource Id's
